README.md, before:

# Web screenshot server

Install the command.

    $ go get -u github.com/koron/ssserver

Assure to install Chrome and Chrome driver.

Then start the server, it listen 3000 on localhost.

    $ ssserver

Run these command from other terminal or console to obtain screenshots.

    $ curl -v http://127.0.0.1:3000/?u=https://www.kaoriya.net/ -o kaoriya.png
    $ curl -v http://127.0.0.1:3000/?u=http://tokyo-ame.jwa.or.jp/ -o ame.png

## Requirements

These tools are required to make ssserver work correctly.

*   [Chrome browser][browser]
*   [Chrome driver][driver]

Install those to anywhere in you PATH environment variable.

## Request Parameters

Name        |Description
------------|---------------------------------------------------------------
`u`         |URL to take a screenshot (mandatory)
`w`         |Width of screenshot (default: 1024)
`h`         |Height of screenshot (default: 768)
`wait`      |Wait before take a screenshot (default: 0, see [Duration][dur])
`sX`        |Scroll offset X (default: 0)
`sY`        |Scroll offset Y (default: 0)
`full`      |Full page screenshot. Ignore `h`, `sX` and `sY` when set.

## Options

Name        |Description
------------|---------------------------------------------------------------
`-addr`     |Server listen address (default: ":3000")

## Examples

Full page screenshot:

    $ curl -v 'http://127.0.0.1:3000/?u=https://www.kaoriya.net/&full' -o kaoriya-full.png

[browser]:https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/index.html
[driver]:https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads
[dur]:https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration

Commit message:

make 'inline' as default
default of "Content-Disposition" is changed from "attachment" to
"inline".  and introduced new "save" option to use "attachment".

README.md, after:

# Web screenshot server

Install the command.

    $ go get -u github.com/koron/ssserver

Assure to install Chrome and Chrome driver.

Then start the server, it listen 3000 on localhost.

    $ ssserver

Run these command from other terminal or console to obtain screenshots.

    $ curl -v http://127.0.0.1:3000/?u=https://www.kaoriya.net/ -o kaoriya.png
    $ curl -v http://127.0.0.1:3000/?u=http://tokyo-ame.jwa.or.jp/ -o ame.png

## Requirements

These tools are required to make ssserver work correctly.

*   [Chrome browser][browser]
*   [Chrome driver][driver]

Install those to anywhere in you PATH environment variable.

## Request Parameters

Name        |Description
------------|---------------------------------------------------------------
`u`         |URL to take a screenshot (mandatory)
`w`         |Width of screenshot (default: 1024)
`h`         |Height of screenshot (default: 768)
`wait`      |Wait before take a screenshot (default: 0, see [Duration][dur])
`sX`        |Scroll offset X (default: 0)
`sY`        |Scroll offset Y (default: 0)
`full`      |Full page screenshot. Ignore `h`, `sX` and `sY` when set.
`save`      |Show save as dialog in browser.  Imply `Content-Disposition: attachment`

## Options

Name        |Description
------------|---------------------------------------------------------------
`-addr`     |Server listen address (default: ":3000")

## Examples

Full page screenshot:

    $ curl -v 'http://127.0.0.1:3000/?u=https://www.kaoriya.net/&full' -o kaoriya-full.png

[browser]:https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/index.html
[driver]:https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads
[dur]:https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration
